Removes +/- logic for restarts (#1172)
GEOS-ESM/MAPL: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

- Removed MKL dependency in `Tests/`

> - Removed +/- in front of restart name logic in MAPL_Generic.F90

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed support for +/- option for restart names in MAPL_Generic.F90.   Found to be unused, and kludgy.
```
